README.md, before:

# fallen_world

This is a Minecraft RPG, but without any plugins or stuff. It's all vanilla minecraft commands, scoreboards and loottables.

Some great people helped me with this project. If you want to see all of them, take a look at the [credits](CREDITS.md).

This project uses multiple namespaces:

- **fallen_world:** this namespace is used for most functions
- **fallen_world_recipes:** used for custom crafting recipes
- **fallen_world_tools:** used for functions to actually craft the tools
- **fallen_world_utility:** used for advancements to trigger events

If you want to see it in action, watch this video: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5FoCYP8VX8I>

**Note:** Yes, I do use Wurst in the video. No, I don't hack on public servers.  
But who said I can't cheat on my own worlds?

## Stuff included

### Done

This project is far from completion. But these are the things included:

- Dungeons
- Custom menu
- NPC's (with dialog)
- Custom map
- Custom health system
- Custom items
- Spells
- Currency system (Rubies)
- Waypoints
- Quests (only one at this point)
- Shops
- More stuff
- Resourcepack to make stuff look good

### To DO

These are the things I still need to do:

- Fix mob armor
- Balance combat / spells system
- Finish lava dungeon
- Actually finish building the map

## Other datapacks

In the video I also used two other packs which are not made by me.  

- [Damage Icons](https://www.bluecommander.net/damage-icons.html) (BlueCommander)
- [Mob health display](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A9H3U8YEm98) (Cloud Wolf)

## Contributions

If you have cool ideas, bugfixes, suggestions or anything else, feel free to contribute to the project by making a pull request or just sending me an e-mail at robin@geheimesite.nl

## The map

The map I used is a custom made I made with [WorldPainter](https://www.worldpainter.net). The map and the datapack are closely intergrated into one and other, so if you want the map, send me an e-mail at robin@geheimesite.nl

Commit message:

Updated README and CREDITS and added the storyline

README.md, after:

# fallen_world

This is a Minecraft RPG, but without any plugins or stuff. It's all vanilla minecraft commands, scoreboards and loottables.

While the project isnt't finished yet, there are a lot of people who helped me. I really appriciate their help and feedback. If you want to see all of them, take a look at the [credits](CREDITS.md).

This project uses multiple namespaces:

- **fallen_world:** this namespace is used for most functions
- **fallen_world_tools:** used for crafting custom weapons and tools
- **fallen_world_utility:** used for advancements to trigger events

If you want to see it in action, watch this video: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5FoCYP8VX8I>

**Note:** Yes, I do use Wurst in the video. No, I don't hack on public servers.  
But who said I can't cheat in my own worlds?

## What I made so far

### Done

This project is far from completion. But these are the things included:

- Dungeons
- Custom menu
- NPC's (with dialog)
- Custom map made with WorldPainter and WorldEdit
- Custom health system (but it needs to be rewritten, because it is to buggy)
- Custom items
- Spells and wands
- Currency system (Rubies)
- Waypoints / warppoints
- Quests (only one at this point, but I'm working on the storyline)
- Shops
- Resourcepack for custom textures, models and icons / fonts

### To DO

These are the things I still need to do:

- Create enemies and spawning system
- Balance combat / spells system
- Finish Lava Dungeon
- Finish the Dark Forest and Ice Peak + surrounding mountain villages
- Expand Zlamouth

[Click here for the storyline sor far](STORY.md)

## Other datapacks

In the video I also used two other packs which are not made by me.  

- [Damage Icons](https://www.bluecommander.net/damage-icons.html) (BlueCommander)
- [Mob health display](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A9H3U8YEm98) (Cloud Wolf)

## Contributions

If you have cool ideas, bugfixes, suggestions or anything else, feel free to contribute to the project by making a pull request or just sending me an e-mail at robin@geheimesite.nl

## The map

The map I used is a custom made I made with [WorldPainter](https://www.worldpainter.net). The map and the datapack are closely intergrated into one and other, so if you want the map, send me an e-mail at robin@geheimesite.nl
